React Docs: Update the "Columns" section. (#9752)
handsontable/handsontable: docs/content/guides/columns/column-menu.md

## Overview

> This plugin enables you to add a configurable dropdown menu to the table"s column headers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin enables you to add a configurable dropdown menu to the table's column headers.
```
